README.md, before:

# Krishna Sumanth Koyyalamudi

A Graduate student of Applied Computer Science at Northwest Missouri State University.

## Repository Links

* [GitHub Source Repository](https://github.com/Krishna-Koyyalamudi/about-me)
* [GitHub Hosted Page](https://krishna-koyyalamudi.github.io/about-me/)

## About

This repo is created as the first step in building a full-fledged webpage with different tools which is a part of our web apps and services course.

## Recommended Tools

Following are the Tools and Languages requires to publish a repo with GitHub Pages:

# Tools

1. [GitHub Account](https://github.com/) : A developer needs to create a github account inorder to create and work repos.

2. [Microsoft Visual Studio IDE](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) : Visual Studio is an IDE developed by Microsoft for development in multiple filetypes and systems.

3. [TortoiseGit](https://tortoisegit.org/)

4. [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)

5. [PuTTy](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html)

Commit message:

added extra description to vs Code

README.md, after:

# Krishna Sumanth Koyyalamudi

A Graduate student of Applied Computer Science at Northwest Missouri State University.

## Repository Links

* [GitHub Source Repository](https://github.com/Krishna-Koyyalamudi/about-me)
* [GitHub Hosted Page](https://krishna-koyyalamudi.github.io/about-me/)

## About

This repo is created as the first step in building a full-fledged webpage with different tools which is a part of our web apps and services course.

## Recommended Tools

Following are the Tools and Languages requires to publish a repo with GitHub Pages:

# Tools

1. [GitHub Account](https://github.com/) : A developer needs to create a github account inorder to create and work repos.

2. [Microsoft Visual Studio Code IDE](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) : Visual Studio Code is an IDE developed by Microsoft for development in multiple filetypes and systems. VS Code is a lite version of the original visual code.

3. [TortoiseGit](https://tortoisegit.org/)

4. [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)

5. [PuTTy](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html)

# Languages
